Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [metal clanks]
- There.
It just hit.
It's gotta be 40 stories. at least.
- [shuriken whistling]
- [Elektra] Down!
They're on all sides.
Half a dozen. at least.
- I got a problem.
- Right with you.
No. you don't get it. I can't
get a read on these guys.
There's no sound. there's
no heartbeat. there's nothing.
- They're trained to hide themselves.
- How do you know?
Don't focus on the
fighters. track their weapons.
- They have swords.
- They have swords. I can hear.
[swords clanking]
[all grunting]
[shurikens whistling and clinking]
[groans]
Elektra. no!
[Elektra grunts]
[groans]
[yells]
[gasping] Matthew...
[grunts]
[Elektra groaning]
[groans]
[grunts]
So...
who wants to get the hell out of here?
[theme music playing]
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- www.Addic7ed.com -
[tires squealing]
She's losing too much blood.
[Stick] Hell of a scrape.
Where are you taking her?
They're still coming. Fast little shits.
- [Matt] Who are they. Stick?
- Bad time to chat.
- [Elektra groaning]
- [tires squealing]
[shurikens clinking]
- Matty!
- On it!
- [glass shatters]
- [man grunts]
- [Stick] Watch your ass.
- Yeah.
No. no. no. No. she's dying.
- Stick. she's dying.
- [Stick] Not if I can stop it.
We need to get her to a hospital.
Doctors can't help her. I can.
We're going to your
place. It's her only shot.
Sweetie. stay with me. Stay with me.
[Stick] Second wave. Brace her.
[tires squealing]
- [engine revving]
- [tires squealing]
[sighs]
End of that batch.
There'll be more.
Always more.
I'm not gonna lie to you. This is bad.
- What's happening to her?
- [Elektra groaning]
[Stick] You got baking soda?
[Matt] Yeah. in the fridge. why?
[Stick] To neutralize the
acid in the toilet bowl cleaner.
Plus whiskey. pliers. black tea.
- [groaning]
- Tell me what's going on. Stick.
Do you wanna talk or
save your girlfriend?
[groaning loudly]
[heart beating irregularly]
[Matt] Her heart's skipping.
- [Stick] Whiskey.
- [loud groaning continues]
[Stick] The toxins in her
bloodstream are shutting everything down.
Is she gonna live?
[Stick] Baking soda?
[Elektra groaning]
[Matt] I thought you got it.
[Elektra gasps] Matthew!
I need pliers and hot tea.
[groaning continues]
The pliers are behind you.
[Matt shushing]
- [shushing]
- [Elektra whispers] Matthew...
[softly] I'm here. I'm here.
[shuddering] If I die...
No. you're not gonna die. You hear me?
Elektra. look at me.
- Hey. hey. focus on me.
- [breathing heavily]
Breathe. Breathe.
That's good. That's good.
[whispering] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
[Stick] Bring her in here!
Yeah.
[whimpering]
One. two. three.
[Elektra moaning loudly]
- Clean sheets.
- Yeah.
[whimpering]
[Matt] Can you save her?
Not before I make her worse.
[Elektra screaming]
Oh. Jesus! Stick. take it easy!
- Those blades were poisoned.
- [Elektra screaming]
She'll be dead in 20 minutes
if I don't pull some
serious juju out of my ass.
Make the goddamn tea!
[Elektra gasping]
[Stick] Easy.
[gasping]
- [liquid bubbling]
- [screaming]
Easy. Easy. young lady. I'm right here.
[Elektra gasping]
[whispering indistinctly]
forgive those who trespass against us.
[Stick] Matty. use
that hearing of yours.
How's her heart rate?
[rhythmic beating]
Yeah. Yeah. it's good. It's steady.
[sighs]
Sheets.
Not too neat...
but...
it'll do.
Tea?
[sighs deeply] Thank you.
[Stick] Ah...
[Elektra groans weakly]
She'll recover?
Twenty-four hours will tell.
I've known her to pull through worse.
What'd you just say?
Ellie's a real fighter. Always has been.
You... You know her?
I didn't mention that?
What the hell's going
on? How do you know Elektra?
- I'm not done in there.
- I want some answers!
Everybody wants something.
- Do you want me to throw you out?
- Not unless you want her to die.
Sit down. Matty.
[Karen] Where is he?
Um. I may have told him
just to stay home today.
You what?
He wasn't actually supposed to do it.
Whoa. whoa. Foggy. what
the hell happened yesterday?
I can't do this alone.
I didn't even wanna take this case.
- It'll be okay. I...
- The whole city is watching.
If I screw up. I'd never work again.
And. frankly. you'd probably never
work again. either. by association. which...
Stop. Foggy. Stop thinking about
screwing up. about losing.
You need to think about winning.
[Schoonover] Colonel Ray
Schoonover. United States Marine Corps.
Do you swear to tell the truth.
the whole truth and nothing but
the truth. so help you God?
I do.
- You got this.
- [sighs]
[Batzer] Counsel?
Colonel. how long have
you known the defendant?
I'd say. the better part of a decade.
Most of his career in the Marine Corps.
So you're familiar with his
service in the Middle East?
Afghanistan. Pakistan. Iran?
Yes. very familiar.
[Foggy] I wonder if you could tell us
how Lieutenant Frank
Castle won the Navy Cross?
Due to the nature of that
mission. you'll have to understand that
the precise circumstances
are classified.
Um...
How about the part that's not?
Lieutenant Frank Castle
was part of a small team.
He was conducting a close
target reconnaissance
in the vicinity of the Hindu Kush.
The mission became compromised. taking
enemy contact on three sides.
Lieutenant Castle wanted to abort.
Said the mission was a bust. pulling
the plug would save lives.
- Officer in charge said "no."
- [Foggy] And why was that?
[Schoonover] Maybe he
wanted more medals on his chest.
Doesn't matter. Either
way. Frank was right.
They were cut off. boxed into a canyon.
[Foggy] And what happened next?
Within the first hour. the
officer in charge of that mission
got his arm blown off.
So Lieutenant Castle assumed command.
His only goal was to
get his men out alive.
The enemy had set up an ambush
at the only LZ that would
accommodate one of our birds.
Sorry. Colonel?
LZ is a landing zone that
can accommodate a helicopter.
So the enemy. they
block this landing zone.
knowing it was the only shot
the team had to get out alive.
All they had to do was wait.
They knew that Frank's
team had to come to them.
Fish in a barrel.
So to speak.
Only fish don't know they're gonna die.
These men did.
Frank went to the LZ all by
himself to draw the bastards away.
[Foggy] Why didn't he
order one of his men to do it?
He certainly could have.
Not his style.
So the men hear the fire fight
break out. All hell breaks loose.
Frank against God knows how many.
And then there was silence.
The team thinks. "That's it.
Frank's dead. and we're next."
Next sound they hear is
the helos. the helicopters.
They get to the landing
zone. you know what they see?
Frank Castle. standing there. grinning.
Thirty-two muj surrounding him. all dead.
Son of a gun cleared that
entire LZ all by himself.
[Foggy] How?
By being Frank Castle.
- And his men survived?
- All of 'em.
Including the idiot officer that
got 'em trapped in the first place.
If you had to sum up Frank
Castle. how would you do it?
I would say Frank Castle is a man
who would gladly give his
life to keep others safe.
[Foggy] And the
crimes he's accused of today?
Could the man you
knew have committed them?
Absolutely not.
Lieutenant Frank
Castle that I know is a hero.
A man who deserves our respect...
and our gratitude.
Not the same man.
Thank you. sir. No more
questions. Your Honor.
People?
I'd like to personally thank you for
your service to this country. Colonel.
My father served in Vietnam.
- Do you know what he told me about medals?
- No. ma'am.
He said the only people who
truly know what happened
are the ones that were there.
You told a nice story. Colonel...
but how can we know that it
happened the way you described?
Well. perhaps I wasn't
clear. I was there. ma'am.
That officer that didn't listen
to Frank. got his men trapped...
you're looking at him.
- [indistinct chatter]
- And believe me when I tell you.
I thank God every day that
I only lost my arm.
That man saved my life. the
lives of his entire team.
If it was up to me.
he'd have a Medal of
Honor hanging around his neck.
[sighs]
No further questions at
this time. Your Honor.
How'd you miss that in his file?
All the names were redacted.
Not good.
No shit.
Hey. Matt couldn't have done it better.
It was good.
[Matt] How is she?
Well... she'll live.
Yeah? You sure?
Sure as I am of anything.
[both grunting]
- [breathing heavily]
- [Stick groaning]
Jesus. didn't we do this already?
Start talking. Stick.
It's about the war.
What is?
All of it.
Roxxon. Midland
Circle. the damn hole. Elektra...
All right. you've been using this
war as an excuse since the day I met you.
and you still haven't told
me a goddamn thing about it.
- You know what I think?
- Tell me.
I think you're full of shit.
I don't think there is any war.
I think you're just a sick old
fighter dying to hit people.
so you make up stories to
justify your behavior.
[Stick sighs]
And then. you rope in the wounded...
so that you can sit back and
watch them throw away their lives.
and you can feel important.
Sit down.
Sit down. Matty.
It all began centuries ago.
Nobody knows how many.
but the shit we're dipping into...
is ancient.
Back then. warlords and their
gangs ruled the countryside.
Not that much different from today.
Bloodthirsty. greedy brutes after
loot. pussy. booze. same ol'. same ol'.
But... one day.
one of these collections of assholes
comes across a thing they
can barely understand.
Real treasure.
Not gold. or rubies. or any of that.
They found the secret.
What secret?
Immortality.
Bringing the dead back to life.
Come on. Stick.
[sighs] I thought you
were a Catholic. Matty.
Doesn't your whole belief system
hinge on one guy pulling that off?
So...
Free from the fear of death.
these pieces of shit step
up. kill their master. take over.
and paint the shores of the Far East
with the blood of
anybody who stands in their way.
They grow in size. power. wealth...
spread across Asia...
and finally give themselves a name.
Yaminote.
It means. "The Hand."
And did they have a goal?
Weapons. It's always weapons.
Like. guns. bombs?
Worse.
Thing called a Black Sky.
So. what's it do. this. uh. Black Sky?
Nobody knows exactly.
Why not?
Because they've never activated one.
They've tried. They'll try again.
But...
the Hand made one mistake.
They made enemies.
Bingo.
Some say it was just a kid.
Hand comes into his
village. kills everyone...
almost.
Kid... pulls the knife from
the breast of his dead mother...
- [blade swishing]
- and goes to work.
He cuts down some of the
Hand's finest warriors.
[man groans]
They're lying dead... kid's standing.
They give him a name. The Chaste.
And he's just one kid? Alone?
Kid grows up. rounds
up every warrior he can.
Men. women. young. old. doesn't
matter as long as they kick ass.
And they do.
Without mercy.
And the only protection this
world has against the Hand.
[inhales deeply]
Wow.
Now. in this fairy tale...
you're the Chaste. right? That's...
Is that it?
[sighs deeply]
It's why I didn't tell you.
No. no. it's... It's good. It
leaves you front and center.
Finding the Hand. keeping
the Black Skies at bay.
Murdering when it suits you.
Believe it or don't.
The fact remains that the
city you're sworn to protect
is ground zero in a war it
doesn't even know is happening.
That hole is just the start.
So. you can kill. die.
or sit on your ass and
watch Hell's Kitchen burn...
but this war is bigger than
you. or me. or any of our...
problems.
And you've pulled Elektra
to your side. haven't you?
Welcome to the world. kid.
[softly] Elektra works for me.
[Dr. Lee] The bullet
penetrated Mr. Castle's skull
in the lower right quadrant.
or more specifically. the
sphenofrontal suture.
which is the cranial suture between
the sphenoid bone and the frontal bones.
both here and here.
I believe what my expert
witness is trying to convey
is that my client.
Frank Castle. was shot...
point blank. execution
style. in the head.
Could you please describe the damage
Mr. Castle sustained from the bullet?
[Dr. Lee] It fragmented
on impact. causing damage
in both the right frontal lobe
and temporal lobe of his brain.
What are the effects of such an injury?
[Dr. Lee] Mr. Castle is suffering
from what we call sympathetic storming.
It's a heightened and
ongoing state of fight or flight.
in which the sympathetic
nervous system is hyperactive.
As if he is reliving the
incident of trauma over and over again.
It can plunge a seemingly
peaceful individual into...
mental and emotional chaos.
It sure sounds a lot like PTSD.
No. that's not where we're going.
Just... listen.
Could you define it
for the jury. please?
Extreme emotional disturbance.
It's twofold.
First. the defendant is so
emotionally disturbed that he loses control.
And second. the defendant has
a reasonable explanation
for said disturbance.
from his point of view.
Are you aware that Frank
Castle's wife. son. and daughter
were all murdered right in front of him
when he sustained the
brain injury in question?
An injury which. you say.
keeps him in a perpetual
state of mental and emotional chaos?
I am. yes.
With that in mind. would you say
that Frank Castle's mental state
satisfies the definition of "extreme
emotional disturbance"?
[Reyes] Objection.
calls for a conclusion.
[Foggy] Your Honor. Dr. Lee
is an expert on the brain.
He is qualified to an opinion.
and said opinion is not only
relevant. but imperative to the case.
Overruled.
Dr. Lee?
[Dr. Lee] Personally. I do
believe he is suffering from EED. yes.
And one who's suffering from
extreme emotional disturbance.
is it possible to
willfully premeditate a crime?
Any infractions would be
considered crimes of passion.
[Foggy] How many of your other patients
witnessed their families being brutally
murdered right in front of them?
Other than Frank Castle?
He's the only one.
And so would you say the
circumstances surrounding Frank's mental state
is different than
those of your other patients?
I would.
And what exactly would that
difference be. in simple terms?
Frank Castle's been through hell.
[Foggy] Thank you.
[shouting] You killed my dad!
I don't give a shit what
you've been through!
- Order! Order in the court!
- [man] You killed him!
- I saw him in his coffin...
- Please remove that young man now.
[sobbing] He was my
dad. and now he's gone!
I'm now instructing each and every one
of you to disregard that outburst
and to not let it
influence your opinions on this case.
[Frank] I did that.
Right?
That kid. I took his
father from him. I did that.
- Yeah. you did.
- Uh-huh.
Look. Frank. I can't judge you.
[softly] That was tough in
there for you. right? It was...
It was. um. hard?
[sighs]
[softly] Yeah.
Okay.
You gotta do something for me.
Hmm?
I need you to take the stand.
Come on. for what? Why would I...
The jury has to know what happened to
you. what you go through every single day.
After this afternoon... [sighs]
I don't think we have any other shot.
What?
[stammering] And what do you
think is gonna happen here?
We're not gonna win this thing.
No. but we can still reduce the charges.
[inhales]
Look. that might not be important
to you. but it is important to me.
All of them. they all
think that you're a monster.
But I know that you're not. You're not!
You sure about that?
What if I find these men that
did that to my family?
What if...
What if nothing changes?
[mutters]
What if this is just me now?
Then don't you deserve
to know that. too?
[Karen] Foggy!
Hey.
He'll do it. He'll take the stand.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
Look. unless you have
a better idea. I think...
[sighs] How did we even get here?
This guy's a murderer.
He's killed fathers and
brothers. You heard that kid.
Why are we helping him?
[sighs]
Do you think that Frank is
completely and totally mentally healthy?
- I think he's batshit.
- Yeah?
Well. then that's why you help him.
- [sighs]
- Put him on the stand. Foggy.
Shit. Okay.
- One caveat. though.
- Okay.
- We get Matt to do the questioning.
- No.
- Yes.
- [laughs] No.
You're doing great. okay? You're
making Reyes play defense.
You... you don't need Matt for this.
- I do. Karen!
- Why do you always do this?
Why do you put Matt in the driver's
seat when you can do this yourself?
Matt and I are partners for a reason.
There's some things that I'm better at.
and there's things that he's better at.
This is something that
he'll be better at.
He's barely spent two
seconds with Frank.
I know. but that kid nearly
destroyed us in there.
And at this moment. Matt is the
right person to question Frank.
He just is.
Okay.
I'll get him.
- I'm sorry...
- When we met...
was it fate?
Was it luck?
[inhales deeply]
Or was I a mission?
[softly] Mission.
[sighs deeply]
Stick trained me a long
time. like he trained you.
He's not a sentimental
man. but he wanted you back.
He wanted you to forget
about law. your friends...
your city.
He thought I could distract you.
He was right.
No.
Because I did the thing I
promised him I'd never do.
I fell in love with you. Matthew.
Listen to my heartbeat. if you must.
You know it's true.
Stick told me about some secret
Japanese organization.
The Hand.
They won't stop until they've
infiltrated your whole city.
Killed every last member of the Chaste.
- Stick...
- You.
[Elektra sighs] We
live on the front lines.
Like it or not.
It doesn't mean we have
to fight Stick's way.
He kills his
enemies. and we don't have to.
[Elektra] You make that
choice sound so easy.
[Matt] No. it's not
easy. It's impossible.
But it's a choice and it's a
choice that I remake every single day.
Every second. sometimes.
And you can. too.
Matthew. there are things
about me you don't know.
- I don't need to know.
- I want you to.
I don't care. whatever
you've done in the past...
Elektra. whoever you've chosen
to be. you're free now. all right?
You could have killed those
men at the hole. but you didn't.
Because you're not Stick.
And screw him for ever making you feel
like you might be. even for a second.
- He can hear you.
- I don't care.
When you were hurt. when I
thought I might lose you. I...
[shudders]
[softly] I...
[trembling] I felt hollow.
Now. I have no reason to trust you.
You've lied to me more
times than I can count.
But if you leave Stick...
be with me.
Fight this war by my side.
My way.
Our way.
[softly] Why are you so good?
I'm not.
[whispers] Yes.
There's a light inside you.
I tried to snuff it out in college.
I'm so lucky I failed.
[door opens and closes]
Someone... someone's here.
You got company.
Hey.
Karen...
Hi.
Um. let's. uh...
- let's go somewhere.
- No. Why?
- So we can talk.
- I don't want to.
I know this looks
crazy. but it's really not.
[angrily] It
doesn't... It doesn't matter.
Frank Castle's going to
take the stand tomorrow.
And your friend could use your help.
That's all.
Nice meetin' ya.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
- Fan club's here.
- [scoffs]
Word must have gotten
out about Frank testifying.
- [sighs]
- Matt better show.
If he doesn't. we'll survive. Right?
Karen. I'm so sorry about...
Uh. Foggy wants to walk
through some things with you.
Yeah. you wanted me here?
Wow.
Let's be clear.
You're not here because you're
a better lawyer or person.
You're here because you're almost as
crazy as Frank Castle. and that's it.
So you called me here to insult me?
I called you here to
be useful. for a change.
We need to get Frank to tell
his story in a way that keeps him
out of prison and alive.
No one's heard that story except
for you. because you're who you are.
Why don't you put all that torture you
put me and Karen through to good use?
- [Matt chuckles]
- Now would be the time.
Counsel. we about ready?
Uh. one more moment. Your Honor.
Did you read the notes
from Schoonover and Lee?
Yeah.
Okay. here's the play.
Walk Frank through his story.
Connect the dots between the
Colonel and the neurologist.
We don't have to prove that
Frank's version of events is true.
We just have to convince
the jury that he believes it.
and he relives it every day.
We can put this guy in the
loony bin. where he belongs.
- Counsel?
- [Matt] Yeah.
Uh. Your Honor. the Defense would
like to call Frank Castle to the stand.
Bailiff. bring in the defendant. please.
[crowd clamoring]
Tell me what's going on.
[quietly] Frank's wearing a suit.
He looks better than I ever
have. and he's not even wearing a tie.
[crowd clamoring]
- [gavel banging]
- [Batzer] Order.
[officer whispers] Think
about what you want. Frank.
- Something's not right.
- No turning back now.
[bailiff] Do you solemnly
swear that you will tell the truth.
the whole truth. and
nothing but the truth.
so help you God?
Yeah.
[bailiff] Please state
your name for the record.
Frank Castle.
[Matt] Mr. Castle. you've been
charged with multiple capital crimes.
Been called a killer
incapable of empathy or remorse.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So I hear.
Frank...
May I call you Frank?
Yeah.
Frank. we've heard a lot
about neuro-chemistry...
and psychology. and
all things unfolding.
scientifically and
otherwise. inside your brain.
But I just have one
question I want to ask.
What happened that day?
The day your family was
so tragically killed.
[Matt] It's okay. Frank.
- I understand. it's difficult.
- [Frank] Do you?
Do you understand?
'Cause I don't think
you understand shit.
I'd like permission to treat the
witness as hostile. Your Honor?
[Batzer] Granted.
[Matt] All right. Frank.
You don't want to
tell us? I'll tell you.
I'm gonna tell you
exactly what kind of man you are.
You're the kind of man this city needs.
Because. ladies and gentlemen of the
jury. we all know this city needs help.
Needs it now.
Not tomorrow. not next
week. not when the day comes.
when the corruption that Wilson Fisk left
in his wake is flushed out for good.
and the police force is
finally back on its feet.
We need it now.
'Cause this city's been sick.
And the cops. they can't
fix it alone. they need...
We all need men and women who are willing
to take the fight themselves.
The kind of people who risk their lives
so that we can walk safe at
night in our own neighborhoods.
The ones our esteemed District
Attorney here is trying so hard to destroy.
New York needs these people.
We need... heroes.
[crowd applauding]
- [Batzer] Order.
- [gavel banging]
[crowd clamoring]
- [Matt] The help they offer...
- [clamor subsides]
and the hope that they provide.
Frank Castle wanted to
help. but he took it too far.
He shot people. he killed people.
It's against the law.
And he broke that law many. many times.
Now. I don't like
him any more than you do.
but here's the thing. he's
not a common criminal.
He's not malicious in intent.
Frank Castle is actually
a good man. He just...
He doesn't know the difference
between right and wrong anymore.
And he doesn't need punishment for that.
He needs help.
Our help.
That's the kind of man Frank Castle is.
And now. you have to decide what
kind of jury you want to be.
No further questions. Your Honor.
[Frank] Your. uh...
Your Honor?
Can I say something?
[Batzer] You may.
You know those. uh...
[scoffs] Those people?
The ones I put down.
the people I killed?
I want you to know that
I'd do it all again.
- [crowd exclaiming]
- [Frank] This is a circus. all right?
It's a charade. it's an act.
- It's bullshit about how crazy I am.
- Language.
I ain't crazy!
I'm not crazy.
Okay?
I know what I did.
I know who I am.
And I do not need your help.
I'm smack-dab in the middle
of my right goddamn mind.
and any scumbag. any...
any lowlife. any maggot piece of
shit that I put down. I did it...
- because I liked it!
- Order!
Hell. I loved it! I'm sittin'
here. I'm... I'm just itching.
- [crowd clamoring]
- [stutters] I'm itching to do it again.
And you think... What. you think
you're gonna send me to a nuthouse?
Some doctor. they're gonna get me
to stop from doing what I want to do?
Well. that ain't
happening! Not on my watch!
You people. you call me the
Punisher. ain't that right?
The big bad Punisher.
- [Batzer] Bailiff.
- Well. here I am!
- Remove the witness.
- [Frank] You want it. you got it!
I am the Punisher! I'm right here!
You want it. I'll give it to you.
[yelling] And
anybody who came here today
to hear me whine. to hear me beg?
Well. you can kiss my ass!
Do you hear me? I'm guilty.
Come on. please. Judge!
I'm guilty. you hear me?
I'm guilty! I'm guilty!
I'll kill every one of
'em! I'll kill every single one!
[indistinct chatter]
How the hell did this happen?
That wasn't the
Frank I met with yesterday.
[Matt] Guys...
- I think somebody got to him.
- Convincing him of what?
Yelling his way to
multiple life sentences?
- You provoked him.
- [stammering] What? I didn't...
- What are you talking...
- I had it lined up for you.
We could have done this.
We could have gotten
the charges reduced.
All you had to do was get
Frank to tell his story.
Instead you veer off
into vigilante-land!
Foggy. he wasn't cooperating!
I'm glad we lost.
You hear me? I'm glad.
- Foggy...
- Karen. let him go.
I don't want to hear it.
Karen. can I talk to you
for five seconds. please?
I don't want to hear another
bullshit excuse!
[sighs] Maybe you are an
alcoholic. Maybe you're in a fight club.
Maybe you are sleeping with
a whole harem of women.
I don't care. I'm done.
You're right.
This city really needs heroes.
But you're not one of them.
[sighs]
You gotta feel like shit.
Go back to bed.
[Elektra grunts]
I can barely stand.
Then go back to bed.
[sighs] No.
I don't want to be with you anymore.
I want to be with him.
- Don't be stupid.
- He needs more training.
The Hand is new to him...
Soft.
Matt Murdock is soft.
He made you soft.
You let your guard down.
[sighs] Go back to bed. Ellie.
- I'm not a child.
- You can't be with him.
Why?
You can't change what you are.
Matthew thinks I can.
- And I believe him.
- [scoffs]
Get out...
before I get nasty.
Are you threatening me?
You're damn right. I am.
Go.
[knife thuds]
[Stick sighs deeply]
[Elektra exhales]
What do you think he'll say...
when he finds out...
what you are?
What you've always been?
Haven't told him yet...
have ya?
[Elektra grunts]
Get out.
Aside from saving your ass...
you have no idea what
I've protected you from.
I can protect myself.
[scoffs]
We'll find out.
[sighs]
Enough with these amateurs. Time
to get the band back together.
Head to the Wall.
[engine starts]
Where's Stick?
[softly] I made my choice.
He didn't like it.
[whispers] I want to be with you.
The only person in this
world who believes I'm good.
You lost today.
It doesn't matter.
You lost more than just the case.
[Elektra sighs]
[chuckles lightly]
[whispers] Yeah.
I didn't lose you.
I'm sorry.
I'm not.
How does this work?
You and me?
[Matt sighs deeply]
How can we make it work?
I don't know.
But we're gonna figure it out.
Not now. though.
Right now. you need to rest.
[breathes deeply]
- [arrow piercing flesh]
- [gasps]
- [arrow thudding]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[groans]
[Matt panting]
[Matt groans]
[man groans]
- [Matt straining]
- [man gasping]
[man groans]
[grunting] Who do you work for? Huh?
[panting] Who sent you?
Answer me! Huh?
[hoarsely] You tell
them. whoever they are.
I'm gonna find them. and when
I do. I'm gonna... [gasping]
[heart beating rapidly]
[softly] No...
You're... You're just a kid.
[exclaims] Elektra. no... No...
[blood spurting]
[breathes deeply]
[muttering]
What did you do?
[knife clatters]
[softly] This is who I am.
[nervously] Do you still want me?
[groaning]
[gasping]
Matthew.
- [panting] Matthew!
- [groaning]
You're okay... You're okay...
[handcuffs locking]
[officer] I got this one.
On whose orders?
The warden's. You got
a problem with that?
No one tells us anything down here.
[inmates clamoring]
[door buzzing]
- [chains rattling]
- [cell door locking]
[inmate] Hey. look at
me. Frank! Look at me!
I'm gonna stick you!
- [inmates clamoring]
- [inmate] That's a promise!
[inmate] I promise you!
[indistinct jeering]
[indistinct chatter]
[door buzzing]
Right through here.
[inmate straining]
[grunts]
[sighs]
I see you got my message.
Synced and corrected by VitoSilans
- www.Addic7ed.com -
uploaded by www.lankafile.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm